why are we doing this again they're
doing around because it's fun no we're
not doing it said ever going swing we're
not what I'm not doing it with the cows
why not we're not doing it over the
candle or free bacon every beef he's
house thicker these walls okay so this
is the battlegrounds yeah these are the
battlegrounds this is where the second
whether fight was should we dig further
for the third yeah well we just have
more bounce car saying this is what
happens ok well let me use my pickaxe
pretty okey no no no why not cuz how
much space do we need to destroy this
dude and not so much space just enough
they were all we should do is just have
them spawn in a very tiny area and then
blow up everything then start fighting
from there yeah alright so you're saying
right here gonna further for a little
bit actually that's good that's good
okay okay um alright so this is your
first wither wasn't my first mother wait
wait we need I need to eat I fought the
weather once an FTB but that's when I
had the super overpowered everything so
I'll get two cushions alright so
basically strength pot now and as soon
as I summon him his bar is gonna be at
half and it's gonna go to full once he
gets too full he'll explode and then we
go attack okay make sure to drink your
regen before the bar gets too full okay
before the murder suitable got it and
when the bar gets too full there's gonna
be explosion then we rush in and just
piling okay baby pot up all right one
second back up go back yeah back the
fuck up how far is gonna be alright I
just felt okay all right here we go did
you see 20 the beginning I got an
achievement okay I got one too I hotting
up yeah regen potion now I am way
arrestor going first go for it i'm going
for it what is this ghost it'll go ham
go kill him oh he went ham okay die
motherfucker i got over covert overkill
oh wow the achievements well did you we
just wrecked it i was i got i got the
Estill or the this cult the star man Hey
look redstone Oh fire when I be a liar
fire oh shit dammit this is why we
needed fire resist I'm gonna go kill
some of your cosmic book okay yep like a
thousand cows let's go kill 10 cows yet
oh it's a celebration I don't know if
you notice this yet yeah oecd yeah this
none of this what the what hey has
distracted just watch it the barrel it's
not extremely efficient because we're
not at the top of the ladder at the top
of the letter makes it so that mobs on
this surface don't spawn but basically
just look in the bottom chester o a
bunch of hoppers old nothing inside of
them hey check the bottom 10 i say for
worst a zombie fleet I line through it
all away well I I put in another chest I
won't be missing this and you won't be
missing this so we're still all strength
potion DUP yep if you're still know a
good powder I think once a crow powder
why is Herrera is because it just piles
up in there wait isn't that bad it clogs
up the hoppers I yeah probably she
really cared of that but the compound
back no I'm snorted put the cocaine back
but the cocaine by yeah okay its back
okay anyways let's go back in them was a
card sees no cocaine shadow put the
cocaine back it was rinse not me what no
I have no gunpowder mandatory I had 20
stacks now I have like 10 stacks I
didn't wait ten i did i did not even
take i took one stock and i put it back
already Seto said Oh sassy was that out
it wasn't me in before he throws it in
the system try to get to the top of the
stupid thing well now there's like not
in here yeah well that's I'm just
unstacking out like that so that it'll d
clog itself so that zombie flesh and
arrows little stackin okay
once you just do this for arrows and
feel like good roll like that I don't
know that's how i do all my stuff and
there's some Seto right yeah I had any
choppers were basically monsters drop on
the hoppers and hoppers just go to the
chests the hoppers magically go to the
chest that's what's work yeah which has
to go to it goes to the bottom chest at
first until that one gets full oh so it
does get the signs meet okay it does
pick up the zombie me I've just filtered
it out we'll take it in put it somewhere
else yeah let's go Sutter do you put the
cocaine back fine or told you it was
that oh I knew so you put another racket
I don't want another rack I don't want
seeds and I don't want to what in there
I'll take the glass bottles back no yeah
I guess you shall we really university
that said oh we will use the TNT we will
blow up lots of shit you can have much
don't act at all hmm you can take the
bones for all I care if I took one of
those you could take the bones I just
left the fucking tía today did you say I
just want the TNT cuz we're gonna be
using that soon another girl we're down
here we go here said him there's three
stacks missing I'll give you fucking Tod
once we blow shit up I don't know we're
going up though I asked you before I
forgive me oh man you didn't want I
didn't respond to fire there's one stack
missing oh that was all that you have my
world this when there was 20 stacks and
then he's rich has one I do not have a
stock i dunno i go by fuck you got it
yeah let's go let's go to the first pack
enough hurry up I Gaia whatever that's
just my if Kate
once back